These are the things and events that happen when a sacred landslide election victory is so unceremoniously &amp; viciously stripped away from great patriots who have been badly &amp; unfairly treated for so long. Go home with love &amp; in peace. Remember this day forever! I am asking for everyone at the U.S. Capitol to remain peaceful. No violence! Remember, WE are the Party of Law &amp; Order – respect the Law and our great men and women in Blue. Thank you! Please support our Capitol Police and Law Enforcement. They are truly on the side of our Country. Stay peaceful! Mike Pence didn’t have the courage to do what should have been done to protect our Country and our Constitution, giving States a chance to certify a corrected set of facts, not the fraudulent or inaccurate ones which they were asked to previously certify. USA demands the truth! These scoundrels are only toying with the @sendavidperdue (a great guy) vote. Just didn’t want to announce quite yet. They’ve got as many ballots as are necessary. Rigged Election! Even Mexico uses Voter I.D. The States want to redo their votes. They found out they voted on a FRAUD. Legislatures never approved. Let them do it. BE STRONG! They just happened to find 50,000 ballots late last night. The USA is embarrassed by fools. Our Election Process is worse than that of third world countries! THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND, MORE IMPORTANTLY, OUR COUNTRY, NEEDS THE PRESIDENCY MORE THAN EVER BEFORE - THE POWER OF THE VETO. STAY STRONG! States want to correct their votes, which they now know were based on irregularities and fraud, plus corrupt process never received legislative approval.  All Mike Pence has to do is send them back to the States, AND WE WIN. Do it Mike, this is a time for extreme courage! Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd is so happy with the fake voter tabulation process that he can’t even get the words out straight. Sad to watch! If Vice President @Mike_Pence comes through for us, we will win the Presidency. Many States want to decertify the mistake they made in certifying incorrect &amp; even fraudulent numbers in a process  NOT approved by their State Legislatures (which it must be). Mike can send it back! Get smart Republicans. FIGHT!  Just happened to have found another 4000 ballots from Fulton County. Here we go! Looks like they are setting up a big “voter dump” against the Republican candidates. Waiting to see how many votes they need? BIG NEWS IN PENNSYLVANIA!  I will be speaking at the SAVE AMERICA RALLY tomorrow on the Ellipse at 11AM Eastern. Arrive early — doors open at 7AM Eastern. BIG CROWDS!  Antifa is a Terrorist Organization, stay out of Washington. Law enforcement is watching you very closely! @DeptofDefense @TheJusticeDept @DHSgov @DHS_Wolf @SecBernhardt @SecretService @FBI I hope the Democrats, and even more importantly, the weak and ineffective RINO section of the Republican Party, are looking at the thousands of people pouring into D.C. They won’t stand for a landslide election victory to be stolen. @senatemajldr @JohnCornyn @SenJohnThune Washington is being inundated with people who don’t want to see an election victory stolen by emboldened Radical Left Democrats. Our Country has had enough, they won’t take it anymore! We hear you (and love you) from the Oval Office. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! GEORGIA! Get out today and VOTE for @KLoeffler and @Perduesenate!  Reports are coming out of the 12th Congressional District of Georgia that Dominion Machines are not working in certain Republican Strongholds for over an hour. Ballots are being left in lock boxes, hopefully they count them. Thank you Congressman @RickAllen! The Vice President has the power to reject fraudulently chosen electors. See you in D.C.  Georgia, get out and VOTE for two great Senators, @KLoeffler and @sendavidperdue. So important to do so! Pleased to announce that @KLoeffler &amp; @sendavidperdue have just joined our great #StopTheSteal group of Senators. They will fight the ridiculous Electoral College Certification of Biden. How do you certify numbers that have now proven to be wrong and, in many cases, fraudulent! On my way, see you soon!  Heading to Georgia now. See you soon! The “Surrender Caucus” within the Republican Party will go down in infamy as weak and ineffective “guardians” of our Nation, who were willing to accept the certification of fraudulent presidential numbers! “We are not acting to thwart the Democratic process, we are acting to protect it.” @SenRonJohnson “We’ve seen in the last few months, unprecedented amounts of Voter Fraud.” @SenTedCruz  True! How can you certify an election when the numbers being certified are verifiably WRONG. You will see the real numbers tonight during my speech, but especially on JANUARY 6th. @SenTomCotton Republicans have pluses &amp; minuses, but one thing is sure, THEY NEVER FORGET! Sorry, but the number of votes in the Swing States that we are talking about is VERY LARGE and totally OUTCOME DETERMINATIVE! Only the Democrats and some RINO’S would dare dispute this - even though they know it is true! ....@SenTedCruz @HawleyMO @Jim_Jordan @senatemajldr @GOPLeader &amp; THE WORLD! The Swing States did not even come close to following the dictates of their State Legislatures. These States  “election laws” were made up by local judges &amp; politicians, not by their Legislatures, &amp; are therefore, before even getting to irregularities &amp; fraud, UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Trump Speaks to State Legislators on Call About Decertifying Election  via @BreitbartNews I will be there. Historic day!  Great!  Something how Dr. Fauci is revered by the LameStream Media as such a great professional, having done, they say, such an incredible job, yet he works for me and the Trump Administration, and I am in no way given any credit for my work. Gee, could this just be more Fake News? “Georgia election data, just revealed, shows that over 17,000 votes illegally flipped from Trump to Biden.” @OANN  This alone (there are many other irregularities) is enough to easily “swing Georgia to Trump”. #StopTheSteal  @HawleyMO @SenTedCruz @Jim_Jordan I spoke to Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger yesterday about Fulton County and voter fraud in Georgia. He was unwilling, or unable, to answer questions such as the “ballots under table” scam, ballot destruction, out of state “voters”, dead voters, and more. He has no clue! Republicans in Georgia must be careful of the political corruption in Fulton County, which is rampant. The Governor, @BrianKempGA, and his puppet Lt. Governor, @GeoffDuncanGA, have done less than nothing. They are a disgrace to the great people of Georgia! The number of cases and deaths of the China Virus is far exaggerated in the United States because of @CDCgov’s ridiculous method of determination compared to other countries, many of whom report, purposely, very inaccurately and low. “When in doubt, call it Covid.” Fake News! The vaccines are being delivered to the states by the Federal Government far faster than they can be administered! GOP Senators Join Hawley in Objecting to Electoral College Votes  via @BreitbartNews So true. Thanks Josh!  An attempt to steal a landslide win. Can’t let it happen!  ...And after they see the facts, plenty more to come...Our Country will love them for it! #StopTheSteal  Wow, I guess it’s not good to go against a President who everyone in Georgia knows got you into office!  .@senatemajldr Mitch M, and all!  Civil War: Tucker Carlson Hits His Own Network in Epic Post-Election Monologue  Why haven’t they done signature verification in Fulton County, Georgia. Why haven’t they deducted all of the dead people who “voted”, illegals who voted, non Georgia residents who voted, and tens of thousands of others who voted illegally, from the final vote tally? ....Just a small portion of these votes give US a big and conclusive win in Georgia. Have they illegally destroyed ballots in Fulton County? After many weeks, we don’t yet even have a judge to hear this large scale voter fraud case. The only judge seems to be Stacey’s sister! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Will be in Georgia on Monday night, 9:00 P.M. to RALLY for two GREAT people, @sendavidperdue &amp; @KLoeffler. GET READY TO VOTE ON TUESDAY!!! TRANSPARENCY in medical pricing will be one of the biggest and most important things done for the American citizen. It was just put into service, January 1, against long odds and bitter opposition. Final lawsuits won last week. Enjoy all the extra money you will have! For historical purposes remember, I was able to get rid of the INDIVIDUAL MANDATE, the most unpopular and expensive part of ObamaCare. You are no longer forced to pay a fortune for the “privilege” of NOT getting bad healthcare. This ended ObamaCare as we knew it. Thank you! Some States are very slow to inoculate recipients despite successful and very large scale distribution of vaccines by the Federal Government. They will get it done! Because of the Trump Administration, hospitals are now required, effective immediately, to publish their REAL PRICES, which will create competition and drive downs costs MASSIVELY. Won lawsuit last week. Bigger than healthcare, it’s called PRICE TRANSPARENCY.... ....Please remember who got it done!!! Only because Biden got very few votes, just like the Election!  Herschel is speaking the truth!  Thank you Madison!  Republicans should have gotten rid of Section 230 in the Defense Bill, and you wouldn’t have had this problem. Never learn!!!  January 6th. See you in D.C.  ....is therefore both illegal and invalid, and that would include the two current Senatorial Elections. In Wisconsin, Voters not asking for applications invalidates the Election. All of this without even discussing the millions of fraudulent votes that were cast or altered! ....changes made to the voting process, rules and regulations, many made hastily before the election, and therefore the whole State Election is not legal or Constitutional. Additionally, the Georgia Consent Decree is Unconstitutional &amp; the State 2020 Presidential Election.... Before even discussing the massive corruption which took place in the 2020 Election, which gives us far more votes than is necessary to win all of the Swing States (only need three), it must be noted that the State Legislatures were not in any way responsible for the massive.... Our Republican Senate just missed the opportunity to get rid of Section 230, which gives unlimited power to Big Tech companies. Pathetic!!! Now they want to give people ravaged by the China Virus $600, rather than the $2000 which they so desperately need. Not fair, or smart! .@FoxNews Weekend Daytime is not watchable. Switching over to @OANN! A great honor!  NOW!  Massive amounts of evidence will be presented on the 6th. We won, BIG!  The BIG Protest Rally in Washington, D.C., will take place at 11.00 A.M. on January 6th. Locational details to follow. StopTheSteal! The BIG Protest Rally in Washington, D.C., will take place at 11.00 A.M. on January 6th. Locational details to follow. StopTheSteal! I hope to see the great Governor of South Dakota @KristiNoem, run against RINO @SenJohnThune, in the upcoming 2022 Primary. She would do a fantastic job in the U.S. Senate, but if not Kristi, others are already lining up. South Dakota wants strong leadership, NOW! HAPPY NEW YEAR! Sen. Josh Hawley Slams Walmart Tweet Calling Him a ‘Sore Loser‘  via @BreitbartNews America is proud of Josh and the many others who are joining him. The USA cannot have fraudulent elections! Finished off the year with the highest Stock Market in history. Setting records with your 401k’s, just like I said you would. Congratulations to all! We now have far more votes than needed to flip Georgia in the Presidential race. Massive VOTER FRAUD took place. Thank you to the Georgia Legislature for today’s revealing meeting! .@BrianKempGA, his puppet Lt. Governor @GeoffDuncanGA, and Secretary of State, are disasters for Georgia. Won’t let professionals get anywhere near Fulton County for signature verifications, or anything else. They are virtually controlled by @staceyabrams &amp; the Democrats. Fools! Watching @FoxNews is almost as bad as watching Fake News @CNN. New alternatives are developing! The United States had more votes than it had people voting, by a lot. This travesty cannot be allowed to stand. It was a Rigged Election, one not even fit for third world countries! JANUARY SIXTH, SEE YOU IN DC! Twitter is shadow banning like never before. A disgrace that our weak and ineffective political leadership refuses to do anything about Big Tech. They’re either afraid or stupid, nobody really knows! Thank you, a great honor!  Hearings from Atlanta on the Georgia Election overturn now being broadcast LIVE via @RSBNetwork! 
 Hearings from Atlanta on the Georgia Election overturn now being broadcast. Check it out. @OANN @newsmax and many more. @BrianKempGA should resign from office. He is an obstructionist who refuses to admit that we won Georgia, BIG! Also won the other Swing States. $2000 ASAP! The Federal Government has distributed the vaccines to the states. Now it is up to the states to administer. Get moving! “Barack Obama was toppled from the top spot and President Trump claimed the title of the year’s Most Admired Man. Trump number one, Obama number two, and Joe Biden a very distant number three. That’s also rather odd given the fact that on November 3rd, Biden allegedly racked up ...millions more votes than Trump, but can’t get anywhere close to him in this poll. No incoming president has ever done as badly in this annual survey.” @MarkSteynOnline @TuckerCarlson That’s because he got millions of Fake Votes in the 2020 Election, which was RIGGED! New Lott study estimates 11,350 absentee votes lost to Trump in Georgia. Another 289,000 "excess (fraudulent) votes" across GA, AZ, MI, NV, PA, and WI. Check it out! ➡️  ....other acts of fraud and irregularities as well. STAY TUNED! ....that, quite frankly, didn’t have much of a chance, like 7, 8 or 9. The Presidential Election was Rigged with hundreds of thousands of ballots mysteriously flowing into Swing States very late at night as everyone thought the election was easily won by me. There were many.... The Wall Street Journal’s very boring &amp; incoherent Editorial fails to mention my big &amp; easy wins in Texas, Florida, Ohio, Iowa &amp; many other states that the @WSJ &amp; other joke polls said I would lose. Also, they fail to mention the fact that I got many Republican Senators elected.. ...The consent decree signed by the “Secretary”, with the consent of Kemp, is perhaps even more poorly negotiated than the deal that John Kerry made with Iran. Now it turns out that Brad R’s brother works for China, and they definitely don’t want “Trump”. So disgusting! #MAGA I love the Great State of Georgia, but the people who run it, from the Governor, @BrianKempGA, to the Secretary of State, are a complete disaster and don’t have a clue, or worse. Nobody can be this stupid. Just allow us to find the crime, and turn the state Republican.... When are we going to be allowed to do signature verification in Fulton County, Georgia? The process is going VERY slowly. @BrianKempGA Pennsylvania just found 205,000 votes more than they had voters. Therefore, we WIN Pennsylvania!!! It is up to the States to distribute the vaccines once brought to the designated areas by the Federal Government. We have not only developed the vaccines, including putting up money to move the process along quickly, but gotten them to the states. Biden failed with Swine Flu! Loeffler, Perdue Support Increasing Relief Payments to $2K  via @BreitbartNews. Republicans must support the $2000 payments and must FIGHT the crooked presidential election. We won big! Unless Republicans have a death wish, and it is also the right thing to do, they must approve the $2000 payments ASAP. $600 IS NOT ENOUGH! Also, get rid of Section 230 - Don’t let Big Tech steal our Country, and don’t let the Democrats steal the Presidential Election. Get tough!  ....and Congressmen/Congresswomen Elected. I do believe they forgot! ....Can you imagine if the Republicans stole a Presidential Election from the Democrats - All hell would break out. Republican leadership only wants the path of least resistance. Our leaders (not me, of course!) are pathetic. They only know how to lose! P.S. I got MANY Senators.. ...more votes than is needed by me to win Pennsylvania, not to mention hundreds of thousands of votes in other categories which increase my already big lead into a landslide. All other Swing States show likewise. WE NEED NEW &amp; ENERGETIC REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP. This can not stand.. “A group of Republican lawmakers in Pennsylvania say 200,000 more votes were counted in the 2020 Election than voters (100% went to Biden). State Representative Frank Ryan said they found troubling discrepancies after an analysis of Election Day data.” @FoxNews This is far.... $2000 for our great people, not $600! They have suffered enough from the China Virus!!! ....being removed and brought home from foreign lands who do NOTHING for us. A disgraceful act of cowardice and total submission by weak people to Big Tech. Negotiate a better Bill, or get better leaders, NOW! Senate should not approve NDAA until fixed!!! Weak and tired Republican “leadership” will allow the bad Defense Bill to pass. Say goodbye to VITAL Section 230 termination, your National Monuments, Forts (names!) and Treasures (inserted by Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren), 5G, and our great soldiers.... Give the people $2000, not $600. They have suffered enough!  “Breaking News: In Pennsylvania there were 205,000 more votes than there were voters. This alone flips the state to President Trump.” Good news on Covid Relief Bill. Information to follow! See you in Washington, DC, on January 6th. Don’t miss it. Information to follow! On behalf of two GREAT Senators, @sendavidperdue &amp; @KLoeffler, I will be going to Georgia on Monday night, January 4th., to have a big and wonderful RALLY. So important for our Country that they win! A must see!  Increase payments to the people, get rid of the “pork”.  Speaking for America!  Michigan AG Dana Nessel Pursues Sanctions Against Lawyers Questioning Election  via @BreitbartNews  These lawyers are true patriots who are fighting for the truth and, obviously, getting very close. AG should be sanctioned. Fight on! $2000 + $2000 plus other family members. Not $600. Remember, it was China’s fault! ....But when it is all over, and this period of time becomes just another ugly chapter in our Country’s history, WE WILL WIN!!! ....Courts are bad, the FBI and “Justice” didn’t do their job, and the United States Election System looks like that of a third world country. Freedom of the press has been gone for a long time, it is Fake News, and now we have Big Tech (with Section 230) to deal with.... ....fake signatures, illegal immigrant voters, banned Republican vote watchers, MORE VOTES THAN ACTUAL VOTERS (check out Detroit &amp; Philadelphia), and much more. The numbers are far greater than what is necessary to win the individual swing states, and cannot even be contested.... Time for Republican Senators to step up and fight for the Presidency, like the Democrats would do if they had actually won. The proof is irrefutable! Massive late night mail-in ballot drops in swing states, stuffing the ballot boxes (on video), double voters, dead voters, The lockdowns in Democrat run states are absolutely ruining the lives of so many people - Far more than the damage that would be caused by the China Virus. Cases in California have risen despite the lockdown, yet Florida &amp; others are open &amp; doing well. Common sense please! Thank you Mark. Big numbers found in Arizona.We must win for our Country!  I simply want to get our great people $2000, rather than the measly $600 that is now in the bill. Also, stop the billions of dollars in “pork”. A young military man working in Afghanistan told me that elections in Afghanistan are far more secure and much better run than the USA’s 2020 Election. Ours, with its millions and millions of corrupt Mail-In Ballots, was the election of a third world country. Fake President! The U.S. Supreme Court has been totally incompetent and weak on the massive Election Fraud that took place in the 2020 Presidential Election. We have absolute PROOF, but they don’t want to see it - No “standing”, they say. If we have corrupt elections, we have no country! Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News @nytimes said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election! I simply want to get out great people $2000, rather than the measly $600 that is now in the bill. Also, stop the billions of dollars in “pork”. The “Justice” Department and the FBI have done nothing about the 2020 Presidential Election Voter Fraud, the biggest SCAM in our nation’s history, despite overwhelming evidence. They should be ashamed. History will remember. Never give up. See everyone in D.C. on January 6th. If a Democrat Presidential Candidate had an Election Rigged &amp; Stolen, with proof of such acts at a level never seen before, the Democrat Senators would consider it an act of war, and fight to the death. Mitch &amp; the Republicans do NOTHING, just want to let it pass. NO FIGHT! I simply wan to get our great people $2000, rather than $600. Also, Congress should cut the “pork”.  I will not stand by and watch this travesty of a bill happen without reigning in Big Tech. End Section 230 now, before it is too late. So bad for our Country. Show courage, and do what’s right!!!  Our $740 defense bill is a gift to China, Russia &amp; Big Tech. It fails to terminate the internationally dangerous Section 230, won’t allow us to bring our troops back home (where they belong), renames &amp; destroys our forts &amp; National Monuments, &amp; makes 5G almost impossible!  But we already know enough, and we won big!  Thank you!  Going now to make a short speech to service members from all over the world. It is a celebration of Christmas. Video Conference - Fake News not invited! The greatest of all time. Fake News!  Made many calls and had meetings at Trump International in Palm Beach, Florida. Why would politicians not want to give people $2000, rather than only $600? It wasn’t their fault, it was China. Give our people the money! MERRY CHRISTMAS! I saved at least 8 Republican Senators, including Mitch, from losing in the last Rigged (for President) Election. Now they (almost all) sit back and watch me fight against a crooked and vicious foe, the Radical Left Democrats. I will NEVER FORGET! Twitter is going wild with their flags, trying hard to suppress even the truth. Just shows how dangerous they are, purposely stifling free speech. Very dangerous for our Country. Does Congress know that this is how Communism starts? Cancel Culture at its worst. End Section 230! VOTER FRAUD IS NOT A CONSPIRACY THEORY, IT IS A FACT!!! Maria’s show and ratings are better than ever. They are trying to shame her into not telling the truth. Her audience would be gone, and she is far too smart for that. Rigged Election!  At a meeting in Florida today, everyone was asking why aren’t the Republicans up in arms &amp; fighting over the fact that the Democrats stole the rigged presidential election? Especially in the Senate, they said, where you helped 8 Senators win their races. How quickly they forget! More than one million Americans have already received the China Virus Vaccine, a record pace! Rush is the GREATEST!  After seeing the massive Voter Fraud in the 2020 Presidential Election, I disagree with anyone that thinks a strong, fast, and fair Special Counsel is not needed, IMMEDIATELY. This was the most corrupt election in the history of our Country, and it must be closely examined! ...Some friendly health advice to Iran: If one American is killed, I will hold Iran responsible. Think it over. Our embassy in Baghdad got hit Sunday by several rockets. Three rockets failed to launch. Guess where they were from: IRAN. Now we hear chatter of additional attacks against Americans in Iraq...  They are slow walking the signature verification in Georgia. They don’t want results to get out prior to January 6th. They know what they are trying so hard to hide. Terrible people! @BrianKempGA Statement by Donald J. Trump, The President of the United States

Full Video:   “@NewtGingrich Pens Op-Ed on Election Saying he will not Accept Joe Biden as President” @OANN  Newt Gingrich gets it, we are going to WIN!   Republicans in the Senate so quickly forget. Right now they would be down 8 seats without my backing them in the last Election. RINO John Thune, “Mitch’s boy”, should just let it play out. South Dakota doesn’t like weakness. He will be primaried in 2022, political career over!!! THE DEMOCRATS DUMPED HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF BALLOTS IN THE SWING STATES LATE IN THE EVENING. IT WAS A RIGGED ELECTION!!! Distribution of both vaccines is going very smoothly. Amazing how many people are being vaccinated, record numbers. Our Country, and indeed the World, will soon see the great miracle of what the Trump Administration has accomplished. They said it couldn’t be done!!! “Conservatives Call on State Legislators to Appoint New Electors, in Accordance with the Constitution”
 ...Republicans in Wisconsin should take these 3 strong decisions to their State Legislators and overturn this ridiculous State Election. We won in a LANDSLIDE! ...WOW, he just voted against me in a Big Court Decision on voter fraud (of which there was much!), despite many pages of dissent from three highly respected Justices. One thing has nothing to do with another, but we ended up losing 4-3 in a really incorrect ruling! Great... Two years ago, the great people of Wisconsin asked me to endorse a man named Brian Hagedorn for State Supreme Court Justice, when he was getting destroyed in the Polls against a tough Democrat Candidate who had no chance of losing. After my endorsement, Hagedorn easily won!... ....@sendavidperdue will not be able to win on January 5th. unless these people allow Signature Verification in presidential race. K &amp; D need it for their race also, &amp; Georgia spirit will rise to such a high that they will easily bring home a great victory. Move fast @BrianKempGA Governor @BrianKempGA and his puppet @GeoffDuncanGA, together with the Secretary of State of Georgia, are very slow on Signature Verification, and won’t allow Fulton County to be examined. What are these RINOS hiding? We will easily win Presidential State race. @KLoeffler and.... Big news coming out of Pennsylvania. Very big illegal ballot drop that cannot be accounted for. Rigged Election! “The President was responsible for those direct payments to Americans in the Covid-19 Relief Bill.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends And the Moderna vaccine has already started rolling out. Very smooth distribution! Wow!  Cute!  David is a great guy and patriot. Thank you Lauren!  GREATEST ELECTION FRAUD IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY!!! Why isn’t Congress giving our people a Stimulus Bill? It wasn’t their fault, it was the fault of China. GET IT DONE, and give them more money in direct payments. Martial law = Fake News. Just more knowingly bad reporting! What would Bolton, one of the dumbest people in Washington, know? Wasn’t he the person who so stupidly said, on television, “Libyan solution”, when describing what the U.S. was going to do for North Korea? I’ve got plenty of other Bolton “stupid stories”. As badly as we were treated in Georgia by the “Republican” Governor and “Republican” Secretary of State, we must have a massive victory for two great people, @KLoeffler &amp; @sendavidperdue, on January 5th. I will be having a big Rally for them on Monday night, January 4th. WIN! Watch @RealPNavarro NOW on the Election Fraud. @JesseBWatters  @FoxNews The lie of the year is that Joe Biden won! Christina Bobb @OANN We don’t want to have lockdowns. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself!  The entire WORLD is being badly hurt by the China Virus, but if you listen to the Fake News Lamestream Media, and Big Tech, you would think that we are the only one. No, but we are the Country that developed vaccines, and years ahead of schedule!  Very happy to have helped get @WreathsAcross America so beautifully open and operating today. Congratulations to all of those who have worked so hard for this great success! ....discussing the possibility that it may be China (it may!). There could also have been a hit on our ridiculous voting machines during the election, which is now obvious that I won big, making it an even more corrupted embarrassment for the USA. @DNI_Ratcliffe @SecPompeo The Cyber Hack is far greater in the Fake News Media than in actuality. I have been fully briefed and everything is well under control. Russia, Russia, Russia is the priority chant when anything happens because Lamestream is, for mostly financial reasons, petrified of.... He didn’t win the Election. He lost all 6 Swing States, by a lot. They then dumped hundreds of thousands of votes in each one, and got caught. Now Republican politicians have to fight so that their great victory is not stolen. Don’t be weak fools!  One of the Trump Administration’s great achievements into the future will be the authorization and start up of the SPACE FORCE. 75 years since Air Force. Congratulations to all!  Peter Navarro releases 36-page report alleging election fraud 'more than sufficient' to swing victory to Trump  A great report by Peter. Statistically impossible to have lost the 2020 Election. Big protest in D.C. on January 6th. Be there, will be wild! Congratulations, the Moderna vaccine is now available! THANK YOU to the GREAT men and women of @FedEx and @UPS for driving through the storms this week to deliver millions of doses of the vaccine across the country. Two Great American Companies! The Secretary of State and Governor of Georgia, both so-called “Republicans”, aren’t allowing Fulton County to go through the vital Voter Signature Verification process. Also, they are not allowing Republican “watchers” to be present and verify! @BrianKempGA Governor @BrianKempGA of Georgia still has not called a Special Session. So easy to do, why is he not doing it? It will give us the State. MUST ACT NOW! Oh, they do this to me every day. When will they apologize?  .@senatemajldr and Republican Senators have to get tougher, or you won’t have a Republican Party anymore. We won the Presidential Election, by a lot. FIGHT FOR IT. Don’t let them take it away! Well, at least she was happy when I pardoned Scooter Libby. We got a GREAT new Senator from her state, not Liz!  The Russia Hoax becomes an even bigger lie!  Europe and other parts of the World being hit hard by the China Virus - Germany, France, Spain and Italy, in particular. The vaccines are on their way!!! Moderna vaccine overwhelmingly approved. Distribution to start immediately. I am very disappointed in the United States Supreme Court, and so is our great country! New Peter Strzok Texts Undermine Official Narrative on Start of ‘Russia Collusion‘ Investigation  via @BreitbartNews. Check out last in his class John McCain, one of the most overrated people in D.C. We won Wisconsin big. They rigged the vote!  Thank you!  Tommy will be more popular than ever before - a hero!  That’s because he is a great champion and man of courage. More Republican Senators should follow his lead. We had a landslide victory, and then it was swindled away from the Republican Party - but we caught them. Do something!  Democrats would never put up with a Presidential Election stolen by the Republicans! Just released data shows many thousands of noncitizens voted in Nevada. They are totally ineligible to vote! I will Veto the Defense Bill, which will make China very unhappy. They love it. Must have Section 230 termination, protect our National Monuments and allow for removal of military from far away, and very unappreciative, lands. Thank you!  Crazy!  I have NOTHING to do with the potential prosecution of Hunter Biden, or the Biden family. It is just more Fake News. Actually, I find it very sad to watch! All-time Stock Market high. The Vaccine and the Vaccine rollout are getting the best of reviews. Moving along really well. Get those “shots” everyone! Also, stimulus talks looking very good. “Michigan fraud witness totally debunks Dominion CEO.” @OANN  It was brutal! TRUE!  Chris Krebs was totally excoriated and proven wrong at the Senate Hearing on the Fraudulent 2020 Election. Massive FRAUD took place with machines, people voting from out of state, illegals, dead people, no signatures—and so much more! Former United States Solicitor General Ken Starr: Pennsylvania “Flagrantly Violated” Laws Ahead of Election. Senate Hearings going on LIVE @OANN, as to the Fraudulent 2020 Election that just took place. @SenRonJohnson doing an excellent job. Nevada must be flipped based on testimony! Perhaps the biggest difference between 2016 and 2020 is @FoxNews, despite the fact that I went from 63,000,000 Votes to 75,000,000 Votes, a record 12,000,000 Vote increase. Obama went down 3,000,000 Votes, and won. Rigged Election!!! Can’t believe how badly @FoxNews is doing in the ratings. They played right into the hands of the Radical Left Democrats, &amp; now are floating in limboland. Hiring fired @donnabraziIe, and far worse, allowing endless negative and unedited commercials. @FoxNews is dead. Really Sad! So ridiculous and unfair. Will people never make a stand!  “Study: Dominion Machines shifted 2-3% of Trump Votes to Biden. Far more votes than needed to sway election.” Florida, Ohio, Texas and many other states were won by even greater margins than projected. Did just as well with Swing States, but bad things happened. @OANN Trump's allies slam Mitch McConnell for congratulating Biden  via @MailOnline. Mitch, 75,000,000 VOTES, a record for a sitting President (by a lot). Too soon to give up. Republican Party must finally learn to fight. People are angry! Poll: 92% of Republican Voters think the election was rigged! Franklin Graham: ‘I Am Grateful to God’ for ‘the Last Four Years’  via @BreitbartNews Thank you Franklin! Because of corruption or because I won despite corruption?  Mo Brooks: ‘Trump Won the Electoral College‘ --- I Can Be a Part of the ‘Surrender Caucus‘ or I Can Fight for Our Country  via @BreitbartNews Tremendous evidence pouring in on voter fraud. There has never been anything like this in our Country! 68% error rate in Michigan Voting Machines. Should be, by law, a tiny percentage of one percent. Did Michigan Secretary of State break the law? Stay tuned! Tremendous problems being found with voting machines. They are so far off it is ridiculous. Able to take a landslide victory and reduce it to a tight loss. This is not what the USA is all about. Law enforcement shielding machines. DO NOT TAMPER, a crime. Much more to come! Thank you Kevin. Many Trump votes were routed to Biden. The highly respected Michigan Judge released this epic report. True all over the Country. This Fake Election can no longer stand. Get moving Republicans. Big Swing State Win!  75,000,000 VOTES.  This is BIG NEWS. Dominion Voting Machines are a disaster all over the Country. Changed the results of a landslide election. Can’t let this happen. Thank you for the genius, bravery, and patriotism of the Judge. Should get a medal!  ...Deputy Attorney General Jeff Rosen, an outstanding person, will become Acting Attorney General. Highly respected Richard Donoghue will be taking over the duties of Deputy Attorney General. Thank you to all!  Just had a very nice meeting with Attorney General Bill Barr at the White House. Our relationship has been a very good one, he has done an outstanding job! As per letter, Bill will be leaving just before Christmas to spend the holidays with his family... WOW. This report shows massive fraud. Election changing result!  First Vaccine Administered. Congratulations USA! Congratulations WORLD! “Why did the Swing States stop counting in the middle of the night?” @MariaBartiromo Because they waited to find out how many ballots they had to produce in order to steal the Rigged Election. They were so far behind that they needed time, &amp; a fake “water main break”, to recover! A great honor!  What a fool Governor @BrianKempGA of Georgia is. Could have been so easy, but now we have to do it the hard way. Demand this clown call a Special Session and open up signature verification, NOW. Otherwise, could be a bad day for two GREAT Senators on January 5th. Democrats weakened the Signature Verification (and other) safeguards in Georgia. @staceyabrams played @BrianKempGA &amp; Secretary of State, for fools. Consent Decree, which is terrible for Republicans (and honest people!), must be opened up NOW - David, Kelly, and I will then win! Oh no! What is going on? This is not good news, even for “Indians”. Cancel culture at work!  People working in the White House should receive the vaccine somewhat later in the program, unless specifically necessary. I have asked that this adjustment be made. I am not scheduled to take the vaccine, but look forward to doing so at the appropriate time. Thank you! Vaccines are shipped and on their way, FIVE YEARS AHEAD OF SCHEDULE. Get well USA. Get well WORLD. We love you all! ....place in Detroit, Philadelphia, Milwaukee, Atlanta, Pittsburgh, and elsewhere. In all Swing State cases, there are far more votes than are necessary to win the State, and the Election itself. Therefore, VOTES CANNOT BE CERTIFIED. THIS ELECTION IS UNDER PROTEST! .....and many others voted illegally. Also, machine “glitches” (another word for FRAUD), ballot harvesting, non-resident voters, fake ballots, “stuffing the ballot box”, votes for pay, roughed up Republican Poll Watchers, and sometimes even more votes than people voting, took.... Swing States that have found massive VOTER FRAUD, which is all of them, CANNOT LEGALLY CERTIFY these votes as complete &amp; correct without committing a severely punishable crime. Everybody knows that dead people, below age people, illegal immigrants, fake signatures, prisoners,.... ...They just “chickened out” and didn’t want to rule on the merits of the case. So bad for our Country! The fact that the Supreme Court wouldn’t find standing in an original jurisdiction matter between multiple states, and including the President of the States, is absurd. It is enumerated in the Constitution... ...Tens of millions of haphazardly ballots sent, with some people getting two, three, or four ballots. We will never give up! The RINOS that run the state voting apparatus have caused us this problem of allowing the Democrats to so blatantly cheat in their attempt to steal the election, which we won overwhelmingly. How dare they allow this massive and ridiculous Mail-In Voting to occur... THE BIGGEST WINNER OF OUR NEW DEFENSE BILL IS CHINA!. I WILL VETO! MOST CORRUPT ELECTION IN U.S. HISTORY! How do states and politicians confirm an election where corruption and irregularities are documented throughout? A Swing State hustle! The drug companies are going crazy putting up nasty ads against me asking to “withdraw my Favored Nation’s Executive Order”. They don’t want the U.S. to have the lowest drug prices in the world, but we now will. Big reductions coming. No other politician would do this!!! If failing Governor @BrianKempGA would allow signature verification, David &amp; Kelly would WIN! The Supreme Court had ZERO interest in the merits of the greatest voter fraud ever perpetrated on the United States of America. All they were interested in is “standing”, which makes it very difficult for the President to present a case on the merits. 75,000,000 votes! Wow! Thousands of people forming in Washington (D.C.) for Stop the Steal. Didn’t know about this, but I’ll be seeing them! #MAGA Why didn’t Bill Barr reveal the truth to the public, before the Election, about Hunter Biden. Joe was lying on the debate stage that nothing was wrong, or going on - Press confirmed. Big disadvantage for Republicans at the polls! WE HAVE JUST BEGUN TO FIGHT!!! IF Biden gets in, nothing will happen to Hunter or Joe. Barr will do nothing, and the new group of partisan killers coming in will quickly kill it all. Same thing with Durham. We caught them cold, spying, treason &amp; more (the hard part), but “Justice” took too long. Will be DOA! A big disappointment!  I have been doing this. I agree!  Who is a worse governor, @BrianKempGA of Georgia or @dougducey of Arizona??? These are two RINO Republicans who fought against me and the Republican Party harder than any Democrat. They allowed states that I won easily to be stolen. Never forget, vote them out of office! I WON THE ELECTION IN A LANDSLIDE, but remember, I only think in terms of legal votes, not all of the fake voters and fraud that miraculously floated in from everywhere! What a disgrace! “Justices Alito and Thomas say they would have allowed Texas to proceed with its election lawsuit.” @seanhannity  This is a great and disgraceful miscarriage of justice. The people of the United States were cheated, and our Country disgraced. Never even given our day in Court! Georgia GOP Chair Says ‘We Are Trusting No One,’ Promises ‘Eyes on Every Part’ of Voting Process  via @BreitbartNews  You can’t rely on @BrianKempGA. Unlike other governors for the many states I won, he lost total control. Signature verification??? “We’ve not gotten any court to judge this (the vote) on its merit.” @DanPatrick of Texas. It is a legal disgrace, an embarrassment to the USA!!! FDA APPROVES PFIZER VACCINE FOR EMERGENCY USE!!! ....that, after careful study and consideration, think you got “screwed”, something which will hurt them also. Many others likewise join the suit but, within a flash, it is thrown out and gone, without even looking at the many reasons it was brought. A Rigged Election, fight on! So, you’re the President of the United States, and you just went through an election where you got more votes than any sitting President in history, by far - and purportedly lost. You can’t get “standing” before the Supreme Court, so you “intervene” with wonderful states..... The Supreme Court really let us down. No Wisdom, No Courage! ....The American people deserve answers, better late than never.”  @IngrahamAngle “Don’t the voters have to know what the Federal prosecutor’s know. The establishment failed us. The media, congressional leaders, the Democrat Party? No wonder 74 (a pres. record) million Americans voted for Donald Trump, &amp; they still don’t believe the outcome of this election... Georgia, where is signature verification approval? What do you have to lose? Must move quickly! @BrianKempGA @GeoffDuncanGA @GaSecofState If the Supreme Court shows great Wisdom and Courage, the American People will win perhaps the most important case in history, and our Electoral Process will be respected again! If the two Senators from Georgia should lose, which would be a horrible thing for our Country, I am the only thing that stands between “Packing the Court” (last number heard, 25), and preserving it. I will not, under any circumstances, Pack the Court! “Donald Trump must get the credit for the vaccines. It is a miracle.”  @Varneyco Now it turns out that the Democrats want the Pack the Court with 26 Justices. This would be terrible, and must be stopped. Even Justice RBG was strongly opposed! Now that the Biden Administration will be a scandal plagued mess for years to come, it is much easier for the Supreme Court of the United States to follow the Constitution and do what everybody knows has to be done. They must show great Courage &amp; Wisdom. Save the USA!!! Now it turns out that my phone call to the President of Ukraine, which many, including me, have called “perfect”, was even better than that. I predicted Biden corruption, said to call the A.G., who perhaps knew of the corruption during the impeachment hoax? I just want to stop the world from killing itself! The Swine Flu (H1N1), and the attempt for a vaccine by the Obama Administration, with Joe Biden in charge, was a complete and total disaster. Now they want to come in and take over one of the “greatest and fastest medical miracles in modern day history.” I don’t think so! While my pushing the money drenched but heavily bureaucratic @US_FDA saved five years in the approval of NUMEROUS great new vaccines, it is still a big, old, slow turtle. Get the dam vaccines out NOW, Dr. Hahn @SteveFDA. Stop playing games and start saving lives!!! No war with North Korea, tamed fighting in Idlib Province and many other places. NO WARS STARTED BY U.S., Troop removals all over, and so much more. Thank you Larry!  Why didn’t the Fake News Media, the FBI and the DOJ report the Biden matter BEFORE the Election. Oh well, it’s OK, we won the Election anyway - 75,000,000 VOTES!!! Tremendous support from all over the Country. All we ask is COURAGE &amp; WISDOM from those that will be making one of the most important decisions in our Country’s history. God bless you! 19 states are fighting for us, almost unheard of support! No Presidential candidate ever came even close to losing an Election who won Iowa, Florida and Ohio. I won all three, by a lot! So true, a must read!  Morocco recognized the United States in 1777.  It is thus fitting we recognize their sovereignty over the Western Sahara. Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Morocco have agreed to full diplomatic relations – a massive breakthrough for peace in the Middle East! Today, I signed a proclamation recognizing Moroccan sovereignty over the Western Sahara.  Morocco's serious, credible, and realistic autonomy proposal is the ONLY basis for a just and lasting solution for enduring peace and prosperity! Great. Most corrupt Election in history, by far. We won!!!  Voter Fraud!  ....The fact that our Country is being stolen. A coup is taking place in front of our eyes, and the public can’t take this anymore.” A Trump fan at Georgia Rally on @OANN  Bad! “People are upset, and they have a right to be. Georgia not only supported Trump in 2016, but now. This is the only State in the Deep South that went for Biden? Have they lost their minds? This is going to escalate dramatically. This is a very dangerous moment in our history.... “Donald Trump won by a landslide, and they stole it from him!” @seanhannity How does Governor @BrianKempGA allow certification of votes without verifying signatures and despite the recently released tape of ballots being stuffed? His poll numbers have dropped like a rock. He is finished as governor! @RepDougCollins How can you give an election to someone who lost the election by hundreds of thousands of legal votes in each of the swing states. How can a country be run by an illegitimate president? The Supreme Court has a chance to save our Country from the greatest Election abuse in the history of the United States. 78% of the people feel (know!) the Election was RIGGED. WISDOM &amp; COURAGE!!! “10% of voters would have changed their vote if they knew about Hunter Biden.” Miranda Devine @nypost @TuckerCarlson  But I won anyway! “If you’re looking for Election Rigging, look no further. That’s what this is. They kept information from the public in order to influence the outcome of the Election. They RIGGED it.” @TuckerCarlson Wow! At least 17 States have joined Texas in the extraordinary case against the greatest Election Fraud in the history of the United States. Thank you! At 10:00 P.M. on Election Evening, we were at 97% win with the so-called “bookies”. If somebody cheated in the Election, which the Democrats did, why wouldn’t the Election be immediately overturned? How can a Country be run like this? #OVERTURN No candidate has ever won both Florida and Ohio and lost. I won them both, by a lot! #SupremeCourt We will soon be learning about the word “courage”, and saving our Country. I received hundreds of thousands of legal votes more, in all of the Swing States, than did my opponent.   ALL Data taken after the vote says that it was impossible for me to lose, unless FIXED! This case had nothing to do with me. Fake News (as usual!).  STOCK MARKETS AT NEW ALL TIME HIGHS!!! RIGGED ELECTION! There is massive evidence of widespread fraud in the four states (plus) mentioned in the Texas suit. Just look at all of the tapes and affidavits! Germany has consistently been used by my obnoxious critics as the country that we should follow on the way to handle the China Virus. So much for that argument. I love Germany - Vaccines on the way!!!  We will be INTERVENING in the Texas (plus many other states) case. This is the big one. Our Country needs a victory! This was not my case as has been so incorrectly reported. The case that everyone has been waiting for is the State’s case with Texas and numerous others joining. It is very strong, ALL CRITERIA MET. How can you have a presidency when a vast majority think the election was RIGGED?  NASDAQ and S&amp;P close at all-time highs. Congratulations! They got caught because we were leading by so much more than they ever thought possible. Late night ballot “dumps” went crazy!  Thank you and congratulations to General Flynn. He and his incredible family have suffered greatly!  The got caught because we were leading by so much more than they ever thought possible. Late night ballot “dumps” went crazy!  .@BrianKempGA and puppet @GeoffDuncanGA. Your poll numbers are tanking like seldom seen before. Always said Georgians are smart!  Or worse!  Governor Kemp (@BrianKempGA) is down 18 points in a recent poll. Don’t believe it, must be more! FOR COURAGE &amp; BRILLIANCE!  Thank you to Speaker Cutler and all others in Pennsylvania and elsewhere who fully understand what went on in the 2020 Election. It’s called total corruption!  ...And it’s not normal when a sitting Senator is forced to retire because his Arizona poll numbers were so low that he would have come out dead last in the Republican Primary, and had zero chance of winning the general election. Great job Jeff!  I hope House Republicans will vote against the very weak National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which I will VETO. Must include a termination of Section 230 (for National Security purposes), preserve our National Monuments, &amp; allow for 5G &amp; troop reductions in foreign lands! I hope House Republicans will vote against the very weak National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which I will VETO. Must include a termination of Section 230 (for National Security purposes), preserve our National Monuments, &amp; allow for 5G &amp; troupe reductions in foreign lands! Georgia is watching @BrianKempGA, @GeoffDuncanGA, and @GaSecofState!  THANK YOU GEORGIA!  Georgia Lt. Governor @GeoffDuncanGA is a RINO Never Trumper who got himself elected as LG by falsely claiming to be “pro-Trump”. Too dumb or corrupt to recognize massive evidence of fraud in GA &amp; should be replaced! We need every great Georgian to call him out! #SpecialSession! “Georgia is not the only state that pushed through these last minute rules changes before the presidential election.” @marthamaccallum  They forgot about our Constitution! Mail-In rejection rate was minuscule compared to what it used to be. Ken Starr  Meaning that massive numbers of bad votes were pouring in! State officials were ignorant of the limitations imposed by the Constitution. Ken Starr “These actions on the part of State Officials, making these changes, were violating the Constitution of the U.S. They were usurping power.” Ken Starr RINOS @BrianKempGA, @GeoffDuncanGA, &amp; Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger, will be solely responsible for the potential loss of our two GREAT Senators from Georgia, @sendavidperdue &amp; @KLoeffler. Won’t call a Special Session or check for Signature Verification! People are ANGRY! The Republican Governor of Georgia refuses to do signature verification, which would give us an easy win. What’s wrong with this guy? What is he hiding? Watch @marklevinshow at 11:00 P.M. (now!) and @SteveHiltonx at 12:00 A.M. on the Great Election Fraud of 2020! True. Great debate for Kelly!  SO TRUE. NO WAY WE LOST THIS ELECTION!  A MUST WATCH! Hope the lawyers are all taking notes. All FACTS, do not flag this Twitter!  Gee, what a surprise. Has anyone informed the so-called (says he has no power to do anything!) Governor @BrianKempGA &amp; his puppet Lt. Governor @GeoffDuncanGA, that they could easily solve this mess, &amp; WIN. Signature verification &amp; call a Special Session. So easy!  Now spreading Fake News!  So much truth to this!  .@RudyGiuliani, by far the greatest mayor in the history of NYC, and who has been working tirelessly exposing the most corrupt election (by far!) in the history of the USA, has tested positive for the China Virus. Get better soon Rudy, we will carry on!!! Interesting!  Will not happen. Suppression of thought!  ...I WON THE ELECTION, BIG.  .@FoxNews daytime is not watchable. In a class with CNN &amp; MSDNC. Check out @OANN, @newsmax and others that are picking up the slack. Even a boring football game, kneeling and all, is better! And getting a total pass from the media!  Thank you Matt!  Melissa is great!  Great job Dan. People are watching!  Thank you!  Fraudulent result!  Thank you Christina!  ***Live Updates*** Trump Holds Georgia Rally for Sens. Loeffler, Perdue  via @BreitbartNews. A great evening in beautiful Georgia! The answer to the Democrat voter fraud is not to stay at home - that’s what Pelosi and Schumer want you to do. If you want revenge on the Democrats for their efforts to steal the Presidential election, where we are fighting hard, you have to show up and vote in RECORD numbers!  Register to vote before Monday 12/7. Register now on  then request your absentee ballot before 12/31 - do it TODAY, and return your ballot the same day you get it. If you aren’t planning to vote by mail, vote early in person, or vote on Election Day!  ...We received more LEGAL votes by far. All I can do is run, campaign, and be a good (great!) President – it is 100% up to the states to manage the election. Republicans will NEVER forget this. Between Governor @DougDucey of Arizona and Governor @BrianKempGA of Georgia, the Democrat Party could not be happier. They fight harder against us than do the Radical Left Dems. If they were with us, we would have already won both Arizona and Georgia... Leaving for Georgia now.
 See you soon! But you never got the signature verification! Your people are refusing to do what you ask. What are they hiding? At least immediately ask for a Special Session of the Legislature. That you can easily, and immediately, do. #Transparency  25, wow! I am surprised there are so many. We have just begun to fight. Please send me a list of the 25 RINOS. I read the Fake News Washington Post as little as possible!  I will easily &amp; quickly win Georgia if Governor @BrianKempGA or the Secretary of State permit a simple signature verification. Has not been done and will show large scale discrepancies. Why are these two “Republicans” saying no? If we win Georgia, everything else falls in place! See you tonight at 7PM, Georgia!  See you tomorrow night at 7PM, Valdosta, Georgia!  Thank you to Senate President Karen Fann and House Speaker Russell Bowers – and all, for what you are doing in Arizona. A fast check of signatures will easily give us the state. Votes against have been reduced to a very small number!   Watch @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern — story on Voter Fraud! STOCK MARKET REACHES NEW ALL-TIME HIGH! The only thing more RIGGED than the 2020 Presidential Election is the FAKE NEWS SUPPRESSED MEDIA. No matter how big or important the story, if it is even slightly positive for “us”, or negative for “them”, it will not be reported! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! RIGGED ELECTION! GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS! A provision is in the NDAA for the renaming, or even desecration, of National Monuments in National Parks. This is not what our Country wants! Whistleblowers reveal that the USPS is responsible for tampering with hundreds of thousands of ballots. @OANN  This long time Democrat stronghold got rid of massive numbers, especially in swing states, during and before delivery of the ballots. Well documented evidence! Big Rally Saturday Night in Georgia!!! A great person who did a fantastic job. Thank you Alyssa!  @JimInhofe What good is having a very expensive National Defense Authorization Act if Big Tech can run circles around you and the security of our Country? End Section 230 now! #NDAA But doesn’t get rid of Big Tech’s windfall, Section 230, a grave threat to National Security. I will VETO!  Very sadly for our Nation, it looks like Senator @JimInhofe will not be putting the Section 230 termination clause into the Defense Bill. So bad for our National Security and Election Integrity. Last chance to ever get it done. I will VETO! The best way to insure a @KLoeffler and @sendavidperdue VICTORY is to allow signature checks in the Presidential race, which will insure a Georgia Presidential win (very few votes are needed, many will be found). Spirits will soar and everyone will rush out and VOTE! @BrianKempGA People in Georgia got caught cold bringing in massive numbers of ballots and putting them in “voting” machines. Great job @BrianKempGA! Governor @dougducey of Arizona hired a lawyer today. Wouldn’t allowing a strong check of ballots, which would be easier and so much better for our Country, be easier on him and the great State of Arizona? “Nevada Court Hears Of USPS Witness Obstruction, Flawed Machine Inspections, And Deceased Voters”  “Nevada 'fraud': 1,500 ‘dead’ voters, 42,248 voted ‘multiple times,’ RV camps as 'homes'”  “Dominion contractor at Detroit counting center says thousands of ballots were scanned multiple times”  “Pro-Biden effort offered Native Americans $25-$500 Visa gift cards and jewelry to vote”  Congratulations @CoachLouHoltz88!  Wow! Blockbuster testimony taking place right now in Georgia. Ballot stuffing by Dems when Republicans were forced to leave the large counting room. Plenty more coming, but this alone leads to an easy win of the State! Thank you to Representative Mo Brooks! Georgia hearings now on @OANN. Amazing! The “Republican” Governor of Georgia, @BrianKempGA, and the Secretary of State, MUST immediately allow a signature verification match on the Presidential Election. If that happens, we quickly and easily win the State and importantly, pave the way for a big David and Kelly WIN! Thank you to Represenative Mo Brooks! Looks like certain Republican Senators are getting cold feet with respect to the termination of Big Tech’s Section 230, a National Security and Election Integrity MUST. For years, all talk, no action. Termination must be put in Defense Bill!!! In Arizona, it turns out that 3% of the votes cast in the 100 count vote sampling were tainted or worse. This would be, if carried forward, approximately 90,000 votes more than we would need to win the State. Now we were granted a much larger sample to work with. Wow! HAPPENING NOW! @OANN  Statement by Donald J. Trump, The President of the United States

Full Video:   Will be going to Georgia for a big Trump Rally in support of our two great Republican Senators, David and Kelly. They are fantastic people who love their Country and love their State. We must work hard and be sure they win. #USA Thank you to @SenTomCotton for the really nice words on all we are doing, and have done. We will win! Big voter fraud hearings today in the Great State of Michigan. This election is a far bigger scandal (FRAUD!) than anyone would have thought - not even close. Watch today!   The Fake News refuses to report this!  Pardon investigation is Fake News! Rigged Election. Show signatures and envelopes. Expose the massive voter fraud in Georgia. What is Secretary of State and @BrianKempGA afraid of. They know what we’ll find!!!  Suppression Media!  .....Therefore, if the very dangerous &amp; unfair Section 230 is not completely terminated as part of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), I will be forced to unequivocally VETO the Bill when sent to the very beautiful Resolute desk. Take back America NOW. Thank you! Section 230, which is a liability shielding gift from the U.S. to “Big Tech” (the only companies in America that have it - corporate welfare!), is a serious threat to our National Security &amp; Election Integrity. Our Country can never be safe &amp; secure if we allow it to stand..... .@RealDrGina — Good luck on your new show tonight on @RealAmVoice at 7:00 P.M. Eastern. I know it will be a big hit!  Jesse Morgan—a truck driver (subcontractor) with USPS in PENNSYLVANIA... LIVE NOW! Press Conference by Amistad Project: “Election Whistleblowers Come Forward”
 Michigan voter fraud hearing going on now! Hope everybody is watching @OANN right now. Other media afraid to show. People are coming forward like never before. Large truck carrying hundreds of thousands of fraudulent (FAKE) ballots to a voting center? TERRIBLE - SAVE AMERICA! “The president was RIGHT when he said get the kids back in school—Now Dr. Fauci says, 'You know what, I'm looking at the data—the kids should be in school.'" @kilmeade 
 Do something @BrianKempGA. You allowed your state to be scammed. We must check signatures and count signed envelopes against ballots. Then call off election. It won’t be needed. We will all WIN!  We won Michigan by a lot!  Impossible result!  Fake election results in Nevada, also!  Disgraceful!  A judge in Nevada has ordered Clark County officials to allow an inspection of the elections equipment and sealed containers used in the 2020 election by 1:00 P.M. tomorrow. @RichardGrenell @AdamLaxalt @mschlapp Only in America!  Not statistically possible. Rigged Election!  Thank you! A lot of Senators and House Members are very happy that I came along. Think I’ll stick around for awhile!  Donald Trump Calls In to Arizona Voter Fraud Hearing: We‘re Fighting Back  via @BreitbartNews. A very inspiring hearing. Such great support from both witnesses to election fraud and political leaders! Arizona hearings on live right now on @OANN. Such total corruption. So sad for our country! ...And there are many such articles. Rigged Election!  TRUE!  Why is he rushing to put a Democrat in office, especially when so many horrible things concerning voter fraud are being revealed at the hearing going on right now. @OANN What is going on with @dougducey? Republicans will long remember!  .@OANN  WOW, total election corruption in Arizona. Hearing on now! Why isn’t @FoxNews covering the Arizona hearings? Trump legal team in Arizona and on @OANN now. Big “stuff”. Enjoy! Moderna now applying for Emergency Vaccine Approval.. @US_FDA MUST ACT QUICKLY!!!  “Operation Warp Speed has been a great modern day miracle.” ....Also, quickly check the number of envelopes versus the number of ballots. You may just find that there are many more ballots than there are envelopes. So simple, and so easy to do. Georgia Republicans are angry, all Republicans are angry. Get it done! Why won’t Governor @BrianKempGA, the hapless Governor of Georgia, use his emergency powers, which can be easily done, to overrule his obstinate Secretary of State, and do a match of signatures on envelopes. It will be a “goldmine” of fraud, and we will easily WIN the state.... I’m not fighting for me, I’m fighting for the 74,000,000 million people (not including the many Trump ballots that were “tossed”), a record for a sitting President, who voted for me! NO WAY WE LOST THIS ELECTION!  Pennsylvania can lead the way, just like it did many years ago. Very important things happening!  “Democrats suffered crushing down-ballot loss across America.” @nytimes. This is true. All statehouses won, and in Washington we did great. So I led this great charge, and I’m the only one that lost? No, it doesn’t work that way. This was a massive fraud, a RIGGED ELECTION! GREAT NEWS! Is Fake News @60Minutes watching this?  Get well soon!  .@60Minutes never asked us for a comment about their ridiculous, one sided story on election security, which is an international joke. Our 2020 Election, from poorly rated Dominion to a Country FLOODED with unaccounted for Mail-In ballots, was probably our least secure EVER! We have some big things happening in our various litigations on the Election Hoax. Everybody knows it was Rigged. They know Biden didn’t get more votes from the Black community than Obama, &amp; certainly didn’t get 80,000,000 votes. Look what happened in Detroit, Philadelphia, plus! Will be doing an interview with @MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy! The number of ballots that our Campaign is challenging in the Pennsylvania case is FAR LARGER than the 81,000 vote margin. It’s not even close. Fraud and illegality ARE a big part of the case. Documents being completed. We will appeal! Specific allegations were made, and we have massive proof, in the Pennsylvania case. Some people just don’t want to see it. They want nothing to do with saving our Country. Sad!!! The Wisconsin recount is not about finding mistakes in the count, it is about finding people who have voted illegally, and that case will be brought after the recount is over, on Monday or Tuesday. We have found many illegal votes. Stay tuned! .@FoxNews daytime is virtually unwatchable, especially during the weekends. Watch @OANN, @newsmax, or almost anything else. You won’t have to suffer through endless interviews with Democrats, and even worse! Alan Dershowitz: Trump was ‘Absolutely Right‘ to Pardon Michael Flynn  via @BreitbartNews So much credit to all of the brave men and women in state houses who are defending our great Constitution. Thank you! The 1,126,940 votes were created out of thin air. I won Pennsylvania by a lot, perhaps more than anyone will ever know. The Pennsylvania votes were RIGGED. All other swing states also. The world is watching!  Rudy Giuliani will be on Greg Kelly Reports. 7:15 P.M. @newsmax The restaurant business is being absolutely decimated. Congress should step up and help. Time is of the essence! Biden did poorly in big cities (Politico), except those of Detroit (more votes than people!), Philadelphia, Atlanta and Milwaukee, which he had to win. Not surprisingly, they are all located in the most important swing states, and are long known for being politically corrupt! Biden can only enter the White House as President if he can prove that his ridiculous “80,000,000 votes” were not fraudulently or illegally obtained. When you see what happened in Detroit, Atlanta, Philadelphia &amp; Milwaukee, massive voter fraud, he’s got a big unsolvable problem! Big Tech and the Fake News Media have partnered to Suppress. Freedom of the Press is gone, a thing of the past. That’s why they refuse to report the real facts and figures of the 2020 Election or even, where’s Hunter!  So much truth!  All newly rebuilt military!  Yesterday’s news conference being broadcast in full now on @Newsmax. Enjoy! No, the 2020 Election was a total scam, we won by a lot (and will hopefully turn over the fraudulent result), but we must get out and help David and Kelly, two GREAT people. Otherwise we are playing right into the hands of some very sick people. I will be in Georgia on Saturday!  Wow! Twitter bans highly respected Pennsylvania State Senator Doug Mastriano after he did a great job of leading a hearing on the 2020 Election fraud. They and the Fake News, working together, want to SILENCE THE TRUTH. Can’t let that happen. This is what Communist countries do! BIG NEWS: Pennsylvania Poll Watcher: USB Drives uploaded to machines, gave Biden thousands of votes. Says 47 USB Drives are now missing. EVERY UPLOAD GAVE BIDEN 50,000 VOTES. @OANN “President Trump nominates record number of Federal Judges.” @OANN REPORT: Biden’s Thanksgiving Day Address gets just 1000 views online, a record low. Observers say a candidate with “80,000,000” votes would get many more online viewers. Numbers don’t lie, or add up! @OANN For purposes of National Security, Section 230 must be immediately terminated!!! Twitter is sending out totally false “Trends” that have absolutely nothing to do with what is really trending in the world. They make it up, and only negative “stuff”. Same thing will happen to Twitter as is happening to @FoxNews daytime. Also, big Conservative discrimination! I gave a long news conference today after wishing the military a Happy Thanksgiving, &amp; realized once again that the Fake News Media coordinates so that the real message of such a conference never gets out. Primary point made was that the 2020 Election was RIGGED, and that I WON! A must read. Impossible for Biden to have overcome these, and even greater, odds!  A brilliant woman of courage!  So much TRUTH!  Will go down much further. Weekend daytime even worse, dead. They still don’t get it. Fantastic alternatives! The late/great Roger Ailes is seriously missed, but I still won LEGAL VOTES by a lot!!!  A total FRAUD. Statehouse Republicans, proud, strong and honest, will never let this travesty stand!  No thanks!  HAPPY THANKSGIVING!  Just saw the vote tabulations. There is NO WAY Biden got 80,000,000 votes!!! This was a 100% RIGGED ELECTION. Have a great life General Flynn!  Great people. Tonight!  Great job Mark!  This Election was RIGGED, but we will WIN!  Corrupt Election!  Big news!  “Data group exposes wide spread Mail-In Ballot Fraud.” @ChanelRion  @OANN It is my Great Honor to announce that General Michael T. Flynn has been granted a Full Pardon. Congratulations to @GenFlynn and his wonderful family, I know you will now have a truly fantastic Thanksgiving!   I will be speaking before a very important Pennsylvania State Senate hearing which is in process now. Talking about the massive voter fraud which took place in the 2020 Election! Rudy Giuliani is right now on @OANN! RIGGED ELECTION! The “losers &amp; suckers” statement on dead military heroes has been proven to be a total fabrication and lie. IT WAS NEVER MADE! The “anonymous” fabricator, who is a major sleaze, went forward with the lie despite 25 strong witnesses to the contrary. Welcome to the roaring 20’s! But 2020 is a long way from over!  Marc Morano,   “Perhaps President Trump’s greatest accomplishment is United States Energy Dominance.”   Should President Trump concede to Biden? Poll Results: No: 190,593  (98.9%) Yes: 2,181  (1.1%) Total Votes: 192,774. @gregkellyusa @newsmax For the good of our Country we must prevail! Great job @DrPaulGosar. Thanks! ...This could also be very helpful to @SenDavidPerdue and @SenatorLoeffler. Why is he afraid of Stacey Abrams? We don’t need the ballots — we only need the signed envelopes! Why isn’t the @GASecofState Brad Raffensperger, a so-called Republican, allowing us to look at signatures on envelopes for verification? We will find tens of thousands of fraudulent and illegal votes... AMERICA FIRST!!! On behalf of the entire Trump Family, I want to wish every American a Healthy and Happy Thanksgiving! Today we gathered in the Rose Garden to continue a beloved annual tradition: the Official Presidential Pardon of a very fortunate Thanksgiving Turkey....  Remember, the GSA has been terrific, and Emily Murphy has done a great job, but the GSA does not determine who the next President of the United States will be. That says it all about Mattis. Obama fired him. I should have fired him sooner. Did best work after he was gone. World’s most overrated general!  “In Wisconsin, somebody has to be indefinitely confined in order to vote absentee. In the past there were 20,000 people. This past election there were 120,000...and Republicans were locked out of the vote counting process.” @VicToensing @newsmax Are you listening Republicans?  Thank you Randy, working hard to clean up the stench of the 2020 Election Hoax!  No!  Poll: 79 Percent of Trump Voters Believe ‘Election Was Stolen‘  via @BreitbartNews They are 100% correct, but we are fighting hard. Our big lawsuit, which spells out in great detail all of the ballot fraud and more, will soon be filled. RIGGED ELECTION! What does GSA being allowed to preliminarily work with the Dems have to do with continuing to pursue our various cases on what will go down as the most corrupt election in American political history? We are moving full speed ahead. Will never concede to fake ballots &amp; “Dominion”. ...fight, and I believe we will prevail! Nevertheless, in the best interest of our Country, I am recommending that Emily and her team do what needs to be done with regard to initial protocols, and have told my team to do the same. I want to thank Emily Murphy at GSA for her steadfast dedication and loyalty to our Country. She has been harassed, threatened, and abused – and I do not want to see this happen to her, her family, or employees of GSA. Our case STRONGLY continues, we will keep up the good... Data: Trump‘s Anti-Globalism, Pro-Police Message Wins Over Hispanics  via @BreitbartNews Great, but we also won the election! In certain swing states, there were more votes than people who voted, and in big numbers. Does that not really matter? Stopping Poll Watchers, voting for unsuspecting people, fake ballots and so much more. Such egregious conduct. We will win! .@Larry_Kudlow note to @EamonJavers @CNBC....   Report: Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, Anti-Trump Hero, Paid for Flawed Coronavirus Tests from South Korea  via @BreitbartNews. This RINO will never make the grade. Hogan is just as bad as the flawed tests he paid big money for! Other than politics, how do you lose a case where large numbers of voters, far more than you need to flip Pennsylvania, are disenfranchised? Vote Observers thrown out of counting rooms. People going to vote finding out they have already voted through a fake ballot - go home! Just arrived at Virtual G20. Was here yesterday also (early), but some of the Fake News Media failed to report it accurately - as usual. My speech is available (they said I didn’t make a speech). SO TRUE!  Thank you!  It’s all about the signatures on the envelopes. Why are the Democrats fighting so hard to hide them. We will find massive numbers of fraudulent ballots. The signatures won’t match. Fight hard Republicans. Don’t let them destroy the evidence!  ...And neither am I!  ....WILL APPEAL! Thanks Mark. It’s all a continuation of the never ending Witch Hunt. Judge Brann, who would not even allow us to present our case or evidence, is a product of Senator Pat “No Tariffs” Toomey of Pennsylvania, no friend of mine, &amp; Obama - No wonder. 900,000 Fraudulent Votes!  “Dominion-izing the Vote”
Part Three via @OANN @ChanelRion  “Dominion-izing the Vote”
Part Two via @OANN @ChanelRion 
 “Dominion-izing the Vote”
Part One via @OANN @ChanelRion 
 True!  They never thought a Vaccine could be done so soon but don’t worry, they will try to give the credit to Biden!  ....WILL APPEAL!!! Thanks Mark. It’s all a continuation of the never ending Witch Hunt. Judge Brann, who would not even allow us to present our case or evidence, is an appointment of Senator Pat “No Tariffs” Toomey of Pennsylvania, no friend of mine, &amp; Obama - No wonder. 900,000 Fraudulent Votes!  Sorry Liz, can’t accept the results of an election with hundreds of thousands of fraudulent votes cast, enough to easily flip the Election. You’re just unhappy that I’m bringing the troops back home where they belong!  Well, there were hundreds of thousands of votes cast where Republican Poll Watchers were not allowed to “watch”, not even allowed in the counting rooms. Likewise with Fake ballots cast and dead people voting!  This is not at all frivolous. It is brought on behalf of one of the most respected members of the United States Congress who is disgusted, like so many others, by an Election that is a fraudulent mess. Fake ballots, dead people voting, no Republican Poll Watchers allowed, &amp; more!  ....the COURAGE to do what has to be done to maintain the integrity of our Elections,  and the United States of America itself. THE WORLD IS WATCHING!!! Why is Joe Biden so quickly forming a Cabinet when my investigators have found hundreds of thousands of fraudulent votes, enough to “flip” at least four States, which in turn is more than enough to win the Election? Hopefully the Courts and/or Legislatures will have.... The Media is just as corrupt as the Election itself! Fake News always “forgets” to mention that far fewer people are dying when they get Covid. This is do to both our advanced therapeutics, and the gained knowledge of our great doctors, nurses and front line workers! The Fake News is not talking about the fact that “Covid” is running wild all over the World, not just in the U.S. I was at the Virtual G-20 meeting early this morning and the biggest subject was Covid. We will be healing fast, especially with our vaccines! Joe Biden was a total disaster in handling the H1N1 Swine Flu, would never have produced a Vaccine in record time (years ahead of schedule), and would do a terrible job of Vaccine delivery - But doesn’t everybody already know that! “President Trump has done many great things (biggest tax &amp; regulation cuts in history, Space Force, rebuilding our military, fixing the V.A., the Wall), but perhaps the most important of all will be what he is doing now, exposing the massive corruption in our Electoral Process.” Watch: Hundreds of Activists Gather for ‘Stop the Steal‘ Rally in Georgia  via  BreitbartNews  Big Rallies all over the Country. The proof pouring in is undeniable. Many more votes than needed. This was a LANDSLIDE! Check out @PastorDScott’s new show tonight at 7:00pm on @RealAmVoice. Good luck Darrell!  Big voter fraud information coming out concerning Georgia. Stay tuned! I agree!  My son Donald is doing very well. Thank you! Massive voter fraud will be shown!  This is true, but much different than reported by the media. We will show massive and unprecedented fraud!  Trump Announces Groundbreaking Rules to Lower Prescription Drug Prices  via @BreitbartNews ...Why won’t they do it, and why are they so fast to certify a meaningless tally? The Governor of Georgia, and Secretary of State, refuse to let us look at signatures which would expose hundreds of thousands of illegal ballots, and give the Republican Party and me, David Perdue, and perhaps Kelly Loeffler, a BIG VICTORY... News Conference on Reduced Drug Prices at 2:30 P.M. Giuliani: The Case for Election Fraud Being Made By Americans  via @BreitbartNews We have great support on the Election Hoax!  Thank you Elizabeth, LOVE!  The great @FoxNews daytime ratings CRASH will only get worse!  RINO Mitt Romney should read this. I’m sure, however, that he feels he got slaughtering by Obama “fair and square”.  @justin_hart There will be no lockdowns other than those done by certain Democrat governors! Will use these charts in court case. The Election was a HOAX. Thank you Justin!  A Rigged Election!  Great book!  Look at this in Michigan! A day AFTER the election, Biden receives a dump of 134,886 votes at 6:31AM!   So true. Thanks Jody!  We withdrew because we won!  Nolte: Top Pollster Finds 47% Say ‘Likely‘ Democrats Stole Election  via @BreitbartNews Rigged Election! Lawyers now on @newsmax, @OANN &amp; maybe @FoxNews. An open and shut case of voter fraud. Massive numbers! THE COVID DRUGS NOW AVAILABLE TO MAKE PEOPLE BETTER ARE AMAZING, BUT SELDOM TALKED ABOUT BY THE MEDIA! Mortality rate is 85% down! “Evidence of voter fraud continues to grow, including 20,000 dead people on the Pennsylvania voters roll and many thousands all over the Country. Now, there has been an artificial number of votes in favor of Joe Biden.” @OANN Almost ZERO ballots rejected in Georgia this election. In years past, close to 4%. Not possible. Must have signature check on envelopes now. Very easy to do. Dems fighting because they got caught. Far more votes than needed for flip. Republicans must get tough! @BrianKempGA Thousands of uncounted votes discovered in Georgia counties. When the much more important signature match takes place, the State will flip Republican, and very quickly. Get it done! @BrianKempGA Important News Conference today by lawyers on a very clear and viable path to victory. Pieces are very nicely falling into place. RNC at 12:00 P.M. Voter Fraud in Detroit is rampant, and has been for many years! THE COVID DRUGS NOW AVAILABLE TO MAKE PROPLE BETTER ARE AMAZING, BUT SELDOM TALKED ABOUT BY THE MEDIA! Mortality rate is 85% down! VACCINES ARE COMING FAST!!! Great job on @foxandfriends today Giancarlo!  ...And with these numbers, by far the highest for a sitting President, there was no way the Dems could have won, except through what we are learning now - A Rigged Election!  It was my great honor to help, a tremendous achievement!  Looking good!  "Dominion-izing the Vote"  “Statistical sampling to prove widespread voter fraud...multiple accounts of fraud and voting irregularities may overturn election”...call for paper ballots.  @RandPaul  @OANN Look at this in Wisconsin! A day AFTER the election, Biden receives a dump of 143,379 votes at 3:42AM, when they learned he was losing badly. This is unbelievable!  Thank you @DarrellIssa, so nice! 
 FLOYD COUNTY, GEORGIA! 
 GEORGIA!   The Great State of Michigan, with votes being far greater than the number of people who voted, cannot certify the election. The Democrats cheated big time, and got caught. A Republican WIN! In Detroit, there are FAR MORE VOTES THAN PEOPLE. Nothing can be done to cure that giant scam. I win Michigan! “The numbers have not improved, it is still 71% out of balance”, stated Wayne County, Michigan,  Canvassers. “There is widespread irregularities in poll numbers.” There are “more votes than people”. The two harassed patriot Canvassers refuse to sign the papers! THEY WOULD’NT LET REPUBLICAN POLL WATCHERS INTO THE COUNTING ROOMS. UNCONSTITUTIONAL!!! The Georgia recount is a joke and is being done UNDER PROTEST. Even though thousands of fraudulent votes have been found, the real number is in matching signatures. Governor must open up the unconstitutional Consent Decree and call in the Legislature! They didn’t even allow Republican Observers into the building to watch. A terrible insult to our Constitution!  This was a rigged election. No Republican Poll Watchers allowed, voting machine “glitches” all over the place (meaning they got caught cheating!), voting after election ended, and so much more!  Wrong! At first they voted against because there were far more VOTES than PEOPLE (Sad!). Then they were threatened, screamed at and viciously harassed, and were FORCED to change their vote, but then REFUSED, as American patriots, to sign the documents. 71% MESS. Don’t Harass!  ...AND I WON THE ELECTION. VOTER FRAUD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY!  Trump votes.  Wow! Governor Kemp will hopefully see the light before it is too late. Must finally take charge! Two GREAT Senators, who do so much for Georgia and truly love the USA, are in a must win battle with two incompetents who don’t have a clue!  Well, it’s really quite simple. You just can’t have more votes than people!  More votes than people, and that is the least of it!!!  Flip Michigan back to TRUMP. Detroit, not surprisingly, has tremendous problems!  Wow! Michigan just refused to certify the election results! Having courage is a beautiful thing. The USA stands proud! Just found thousands of more ballots, and the recount is relatively meaningless without being given access to the signatures. Consent decree is a scam that Georgia Secretary of State or Governor should never have let happen. Unconstitutional. Open it up!  “Second Georgia County Finds Thousands More Votes, Majority Are For Trump”  The only thing secure about our 2020 Election was that it was virtually impenetrable by foreign powers. On that, the Trump Administration takes great credit. Unfortunately, the Radical Left Democrats, Dominion, and others, were perhaps more successful! THANK YOU!  The recent statement by Chris Krebs on the security of the 2020 Election was highly inaccurate, in that there were massive improprieties and fraud - including dead people voting, Poll Watchers not allowed into polling locations, “glitches” in the voting machines which changed... ...votes from Trump to Biden, late voting, and many more. Therefore, effective immediately, Chris Krebs has been terminated as Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. “DEAD PEOPLE VOTED”  THIS SAYS IT ALL!  I have reversed the ridiculous decision to cancel Wreaths Across America at Arlington National Cemetery. It will now go on! Big victory moments ago in the State of Nevada. The all Democrat County Commissioner race, on same ballot as President, just thrown out because of large scale voter discrepancy. Clark County officials do not have confidence in their own election security. Major impact!  The rate of rejected Mail-In Ballots is 30 X’s lower in Pennsylvania this year than it was in 2016. This is why they kept our poll watchers and observers out of the “SACRED” vote counting rooms!
 Georgia won’t let us look at the all important signature match. Without that the recount is MEANINGLESS. Open up unconstitutional Consent Decree, NOW! @BrianKempGA European Countries are sadly getting clobbered by the China Virus. The Fake News does not like reporting this! STOCK MARKET GETTING VERY CLOSE TO 30,000 ON NEW VACCINE NEWS. 95% EFFECTIVE! They will PACK THE COURTS. We won’t let that happen! The Radical Left Democrats, working with their partner, the Fake News Media, are trying to STEAL this Election. We won’t let them! Trump Campaign Rejects Media Reports of Changed Pennsylvania Case  via @BreitbartNews. Just more Fake News. Harassment and exclusion of our Poll Watchers is a big part of our case. Unconstitutional! Who will be running for Governor of the Great State of Ohio? Will be hotly contested! Another Vaccine just announced. This time by Moderna, 95% effective. For those great “historians”, please remember that these great discoveries, which will end the China Plague, all took place on my watch! Try watching @OANN. Really GREAT! The Fake recount going on in Georgia means nothing because they are not allowing signatures to be looked at and verified. Break the unconstitutional Consent Decree! I won the Election! I strongly stand with Kelly &amp; David. They are both great and MUST WIN!  Dominion is running our Election. Rigged!  Thank you Andrew!  Most fraudulent Election in history!  This is crazy!  No way!  The Washington Post forgot to read the complaint. Fake News. Poll Watchers, and the way they were treated, are a very big deal in the complaint!  I WON THE ELECTION! ....owned Dominion Voting Systems, turned down by Texas and many others because it was not good or secure, those responsible for the safeguarding of our Constitution cannot allow the Fake results of the 2020 Mail-In Election to stand. The World is watching! ....perhaps like never before! From large numbers of Poll Watchers that were thrown out of vote counting rooms in many of our States, to millions of ballots that have been altered by Democrats, only for Democrats, to voting after the Election was over, to using Radical Left Why does the Fake News Media continuously assume that Joe Biden will ascend to the Presidency, not even allowing our side to show, which we are just getting ready to do, how badly shattered and violated our great Constitution has been in the 2020 Election. It was attacked,.. A great launch! @NASA was a closed up disaster when we took over. Now it is again the “hottest”, most advanced, space center in the world, by far!  Many of the court cases being filed all over the Country are not ours, but rather those of people that have seen horrible abuses. Our big cases showing the unconstitutionality of the 2020 Election, &amp; the outrage of things that were done to change the outcome, will soon be filed! Spirit like never before!  Amazing!  We won’t let a RIGGED ELECTION steal our Country!  WATCH: D.C. Cops Direct Trump-Supporters into Gauntlet of Protesters, Do Nothing When They Are Assaulted  via @BreitbartNews. These thugs and lowlifes only stalked and attacked when most of the tens of thousands of people had left town. Ran away earlier! Great job Emily!  John Bolton was one of the dumbest people in government that I’ve had the “pleasure” to work with. A sullen, dull and quiet guy, he added nothing to National Security except, “Gee, let’s go to war.” Also, illegally released much Classified Information. A real dope! Rudy will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A.M. NOW!  Progress!  He only won in the eyes of the FAKE NEWS MEDIA. I concede NOTHING! We have a long way to go. This was a RIGGED ELECTION! RIGGED ELECTION. WE WILL WIN! Watch @RudyGiuliani interview on @MariaBartiromo this morning at 10:00. Doing a great job exposing the Rigged Election Hoax! All of the mechanical “glitches” that took place on Election Night were really THEM getting caught trying to steal votes. They succeeded plenty, however, without getting caught. Mail-in elections are a sick joke! He won because the Election was Rigged. NO VOTE WATCHERS OR OBSERVERS allowed, vote tabulated by a Radical Left privately owned company, Dominion, with a bad reputation &amp; bum equipment that couldn’t even qualify for Texas (which I won by a lot!), the Fake &amp; Silent Media, &amp; more!  Doing a great job in Georgia. Their recount is a scam, means nothing. Must see fraudulent signatures which is prohibited by stupidly signed &amp; unconstitutional consent decree. @BrianKempGA  This is why @FoxNews daytime and weekend daytime have lost their ratings. They are abysmal having @alfredenewman1 (Mayor Pete of Indiana’s most unsuccessful city, by far!) on more than Republicans. Many great alternatives are forming &amp; exist. Try @OANN &amp; @newsmax, among others!  Tax filings reveal Biden cancer charity spent millions on salaries, zero on research  via @nypost Thank you Mark, but the Fake News Media will never say it!  The Fake News Media hardly even discussed the tens of thousands of people that came to D.C. Formed organically, and in many parts of the Country!  Thank you Mollie. The Free and Fair Press is gone in our country. They only write about what they want to write about. SUPPRESSION!  The Silent Media is the Enemy of the People!!!  Human Radical Left garbage did this. Being arrested now!  Radical Left ANTIFA SCUM was easily rebuffed today by the big D.C. MAGA Rally crowd, only to return at night, after 99% of the crowd had left, to assault elderly people and families. Police got there, but late. Mayor is not doing her job! ANTIFA SCUM ran for the hills today when they tried attacking the people at the Trump Rally, because those people aggressively fought back. Antifa waited until tonight, when 99% were gone, to attack innocent #MAGA People. DC Police, get going — do your job and don’t hold back!!! Antifa SCUM ran for the hills today when they tried attacking the people at the Trump Rally, because those people aggressively fought back. Antifa waited until tonight, when 99% were gone, to attack innocent #MAGA People. DC Police, get going — do you job and don’t hold back!!! I look forward to Mayor Giuliani spearheading the legal effort to defend OUR RIGHT to FREE and FAIR ELECTIONS! Rudy Giuliani, Joseph diGenova, Victoria Toensing, Sidney Powell, and Jenna Ellis, a truly great team, added to our other wonderful lawyers and representatives! There is tremendous evidence of wide spread voter fraud in that there is irrefutable proof that our Republican poll watchers and observers were not allowed to be present in poll counting rooms. Michigan, Pennsylvania, Georgia and others. Unconstitutional! .@FoxNews and the Fake News Networks aren’t showing these massive gatherings. Instead they have their reporters standing in almost empty streets. We now have SUPPRESSION BY THE PRESS. MAGA!  Thank you Dan!  They wouldn’t let our Poll Watchers and Observers into the Counting Rooms. We win on that alone! The hand recount taking place in Georgia is a waste of time. They are not showing the matching signatures. Call off the recount until they allow the MATCH. Don’t let the Radical Left Dems STEAL THE ELECTION! Hundreds of thousands of people showing their support in D.C. They will not stand for a Rigged and Corrupt Election!  We will WIN!  People are not going to stand for having this Election stolen from them by a privately owned Radical Left company, Dominion, and many other reasons!  ....We cannot waste time and can only give to those states that will use the Vaccine immediately. Therefore the New York delay. Many lives to be saved, but we are ready when they are. Stop playing politics! I LOVE NEW YORK! As everyone knows, the Trump Administration has produced a great and safe VACCINE far ahead of schedule. Another Administration would have taken five years. The problem is, @NYGovCuomo said that he will delay using it, and other states WANT IT NOW... Congress must now do a Covid Relief Bill. Needs Democrats support. Make it big and focused. Get it done! ....What are they trying to hide. They know, and so does everyone else. EXPOSE THE CRIME! The Consent Decree signed by the Georgia Secretary of State, with the approval of Governor @BrianKempGA, at the urging of @staceyabrams, makes it impossible to check &amp; match signatures on ballots and envelopes, etc. They knew they were going to cheat. Must expose real signatures! Republican Burgess Owens Defeats Democrat Rep. Ben McAdams in Utah  via @BreitbartNews Great going Burgess, you continue to be a STAR! HIGHLY RATED!  Top US Pollster and Statistician Richard Baris — People's Pundit — SUSPENDED from Twitter for Reporting on Disputed Election — Political 'WrongThink' Not Allowed  via Said 10,000 DEAD PEOPLE VOTED IN MICHIGAN. When will this RIGGED ELECTION be overturned! Wow. This is exactly what happened to us. Great courage by judge!  “The worst thing you can do is bet against Donald Trump, considering what has been done against him. They flooded the zone with mail-in ballots. We need every vote counted, and ferociously.” @PeteHegseth @seanhannity Georgia Secretary of State, a so-called Republican (RINO), won’t let the people checking the ballots see the signatures for fraud. Why? Without this the whole process is very unfair and close to meaningless. Everyone knows that we won the state. Where is @BrianKempGA? 700,000 ballots were not allowed to be viewed in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh which means, based on our great Constitution, we win the State of Pennsylvania! “VICTOR JOECKS: Clark County election officials accepted my signature — on 8 ballot envelopes”  Will be having a press conference from the Rose Garden in 15 minutes. Now it is learned that the horrendous Dominion Voting System was used in Arizona (and big in Nevada). No wonder the result was a very close loss! Heartwarming to see all of the tremendous support out there, especially the organic Rallies that are springing up all over the Country, including a big one on Saturday in D.C. I may even try to stop by and say hello. This Election was Rigged, from Dominion all the way up &amp; down! For years the Dems have been preaching how unsafe and rigged our elections have been. Now they are saying what a wonderful job the Trump Administration did in making 2020 the most secure election ever. Actually this is true, except for what the Democrats did. Rigged Election! Alito: ‘Religious Liberty Is in Danger of Becoming a Second-Class Right‘  via @BreitbartNews Fitton: 2020 Election Update  via @BreitbartNews These states in question should immediately be put in the Trump Win column. Biden did not win, he lost by a lot!   Must see @seanhannity takedown of the horrible, inaccurate and anything but secure Dominion Voting System which is used in States where tens of thousands of votes were stolen from us and given to Biden. Likewise, the Great @LouDobbs has a confirming and powerful piece! “REPORT: DOMINION DELETED 2.7 MILLION TRUMP VOTES NATIONWIDE. DATA ANALYSIS FINDS 221,000 PENNSYLVANIA VOTES SWITCHED FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP TO BIDEN. 941,000 TRUMP VOTES DELETED. STATES USING DOMINION VOTING SYSTEMS SWITCHED 435,000 VOTES FROM TRUMP TO BIDEN.” @ChanelRion @OANN .@FoxNews daytime ratings have completely collapsed. Weekend daytime even WORSE. Very sad to watch this happen, but they forgot what made them successful, what got them there. They forgot the Golden Goose. The biggest difference between the 2016 Election, and 2020, was @FoxNews! 100% Correct!  So beautiful!  Rigged Election! Thanks Ryan.  Thank you Scott, and stay tuned. You are terrific!  Now 73,000,000 Votes!  “OK, I’ve seen enough. What’s going to happen to these guys (McCabe, Comey &amp; the gang of treasonous thugs)? @SenJohnKennedy @MariaBartiromo @TheJusticeDept They, and many others, got caught. DO SOMETHING!!! From 200,000 votes to less than 10,000 votes. If we can audit the total votes cast, we will easily win Arizona also!  Big Jim is the greatest!  It took long enough! What is taking North Carolina so long? Are they looking for more ballots to fix that one also? Now with a recount, we will win Georgia also. Pennsylvania &amp; Michigan wouldn’t let our Poll Watchers &amp; Observers into counting rooms. Illegal!  It attempted to alter our election and got caught?  NOW 73,000,000 LEGAL VOTES!  Nobody wants to report that Pennsylvania and Michigan didn’t allow our Poll Watchers and/or Vote Observers to Watch or Observe. This is responsible for hundreds of thousands of votes that should not be allowed to count. Therefore, I easily win both states. Report the News! I am pleased to announce that I have given my full support and endorsement to Ronna McDaniel to continue heading the Republican National Committee (RNC). With 72 MILLION votes, we received more votes than any sitting President in U.S. history - and we will win! Everyone is asking why the recent presidential polls were so inaccurate when it came to me. Because they are FAKE, just like much of the Lamestream Media! WE WILL WIN!  You are looking at BALLOTS! Is this what our Country has come to?  A guy named Al Schmidt, a Philadelphia Commissioner and so-called Republican (RINO), is being used big time by the Fake  News Media to explain how honest things were with respect to the Election in Philadelphia. He refuses to look at a mountain of corruption &amp; dishonesty. We win! Richard Hopkins, Pennsylvania postal worker, recants ballot-tampering claim - Washington Times   Stays with the truth, his original story. The Fake Pollsters at @ABC/@washingtonpost produced a possibly illegal suppression Poll just before the Election showing me down 17 points in Wisconsin when, in fact, on Election Day, the race was even - &amp; we are now preparing to win the state. Many such “deplorable” instances! People will not accept this Rigged Election!  Obama spied on our campaign - and got caught!  I Was In Philadelphia Watching Fraud Happen. Here’s How It Went Down  They shut out our Poll Watchers and Observers. Those hundreds of thousands of votes should not be allowed. Corrupt politics. A brave patriot. More &amp; more people are stepping forward to expose this Rigged Election!  He should pay a big price for his subversion!  Thanks Dan. Big win for us in Texas!  That’s why Mike was number one in his class at West Point!  Andrew McCabe was exposed for who he is today in the U.S. Senate. He was totally destroyed - an ignorant fool. The great people of the FBI must make sure that he and his former boss, James Comey, pay the price for what they have done to the reputation of the FBI. But how many ballots were fraudulently cast for the Dems? Did people vote after the election had ended? Did officials actually not allow OBSERVERS and Poll Watchers to look for an honest count?  “I don’t care what state you’re in, this computer voting system is wide open to fraud and intervention.” @LouDobbs  True, and wait until you see what’s coming! “I don’t care what State your in, this computer voting system is wide open to fraud and intervention.” @LouDobbs  True, and wait until you see what’s coming! Ballot Corruption will be exposed tonight at 9:00pmE on @SeanHannity on @FoxNews! Pennsylvania Party Leadership votes are this week. I hope they pick very tough and smart fighters. We will WIN!! Nate Simington, a very smart and qualified individual, is having his Senate hearing today. Republicans will hopefully confirm him to the FCC ASAP! We need action NOW on this very important nomination!! @SenatorWicker @MarshaBlackburn @senatemajldr Nate Simington, a very smart and qualified individual, is having his Senate hearing today. Republicans will hopefully confirm him to the FCC ASAP! We need action NOW on this very important nomination!! @SenatorWicker @MarshaBlackburn @senatemajldr Happy 245th Birthday to the @USMC! #HappyBirthdayMarines   Republicans, don’t let Andrew McCabe continue to get away with totally criminal activity. What he did should never be allowed to happen to our Country again. FIGHT FOR JUSTICE! Highly Respected Ken Starr: “Pennsylvania’s three-day extension of the mail-in ballot deadline is a Constitutional Travesty.” Legal scholars agree! BALLOT COUNTING ABUSE! WATCH FOR MASSIVE BALLOT COUNTING ABUSE AND, JUST LIKE THE EARLY VACCINE, REMEMBER I TOLD YOU SO! WE WILL WIN! WE ARE MAKING BIG PROGRESS. RESULTS START TO COME IN NEXT WEEK. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! “Only because of President Trump, we are going to have a Vaccine by the end of the year.”  Ronny Jackson, Texas Congressman-Elect “President Trump told us for some time we would be getting a Vaccine by the end of the year and people laughed at him, and here we are with Pfizer getting FDA approval by the end of this month. He was right.” @MariaBartiromo Nothing!  Nolte: Bret Baier Deletes Tweet that Exposed Backlash Against Fox News  via @BreitbartNews The @US_FDA and the Democrats didn’t want to have me get a Vaccine WIN, prior to the election, so instead it came out five days later – As I’ve said all along! If Joe Biden were President, you wouldn’t have the Vaccine for another four years, nor would the @US_FDA have ever approved it so quickly. The bureaucracy would have destroyed millions of lives! As I have long said, @Pfizer and the others would only announce a Vaccine after the Election, because they didn’t have the courage to do it before. Likewise, the @US_FDA should have announced it earlier, not for political purposes, but for saving lives! ...The worst polling ever, and then they’ll be back in four years to do it again. This is much more then voter and campaign finance suppression! ...ABC/WaPo had me down 17 points in Wisconsin, the day before the election, and I WON! In Iowa, the polls had us 4 points down, and I won by 8.2%! Fox News and Quinnipiac were wrong on everything... .@FoxNews, @QuinnipiacPoll, ABC/WaPo, NBC/WSJ were so inaccurate with their polls on me, that it really is tampering with an Election. They were so far off in their polling, and in their attempt to suppress - that they should be called out for Election Interference... This is good news, it means I won! 
cc: @RepDougCollins @SecretarySonny  Georgia will be a big presidential win, as it was the night of the Election! Pennsylvania prevented us from watching much of the Ballot count. Unthinkable and illegal in this country. Wisconsin is looking very good. Needs a little time statutorily. Will happen soon! @Reince @SeanDuffyWI Nevada is turning out to be a cesspool of Fake Votes. @mschlapp &amp; @AdamLaxalt are finding things that, when released, will be absolutely shocking! The threshold identification of Ballots is turning out to be even bigger than originally anticipated. A very large number of Ballots are impacted. Stay tuned! ...Chris will do a GREAT job! Mark Esper has been terminated. I would like to thank him for his service. I am pleased to announce that Christopher C. Miller, the highly respected Director of the National Counterterrorism Center (unanimously confirmed by the Senate), will be Acting Secretary of Defense, effective immediately.. STOCK MARKET UP BIG, VACCINE COMING SOON. REPORT 90% EFFECTIVE. SUCH GREAT NEWS! Watch @marklevinshow at 8:00 P.M.  Will discuss the Mail-In Ballot Hoax! Investigators Dispatched After Fulton County Discovers ‘Issue‘ with Ballot Reporting  via @BreitbartNews Since when does the Lamestream Media call who our next president will be? We have all learned a lot in the last two weeks! ....Where it mattered, they stole what they had to steal. @newtgingrich “We believe these people are thieves. The big city machines are corrupt. This was a stolen election. Best pollster in Britain wrote this morning that this clearly was a stolen election, that it’s impossible to imagine that Biden outran Obama in some of these states. ...and Detroit with a long series of election problems (to put it mildly).” @JonathanTurley ....how these ballots were authenticated, because if there’s a problem in the system about authentication, that would seriously affect the ENTIRE ELECTION - And what concerns me is that we had over a hundred million mail-in ballot in cites like Philladelphia... ....Supreme Court Justice to compel them to separate ballots that were received after the legislative deadline. It required the intervention of Justice Alito. That’s a large group of ballots. When you talk about systemic problems, it’s about... “We should look at the votes. We’re just beginning the tabulation stage. We should look at these allegations. We’re seeing a number of affidavits that there has been voter fraud. We have a history in this country of election problems. In Pennsylvania you had an order by a... 71,000,000 Legal Votes. The most EVER for a sitting President! THE OBSERVERS WERE NOT ALLOWED INTO THE COUNTING ROOMS. I WON THE ELECTION, GOT 71,000,000 LEGAL VOTES. BAD THINGS HAPPENED WHICH OUR OBSERVERS WERE NOT ALLOWED TO SEE. NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE. MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WERE SENT TO PEOPLE WHO NEVER ASKED FOR THEM! I WON THIS ELECTION, BY A LOT! Georgia Counties Using Same Software as Michigan Counties Also Encounter ‘Glitch’  via @BreitbartNews What a total mess this “election” has been! Lawyer’s Press Conference at Four Season’s Landscaping, Philadelphia. Enjoy! Big press conference today in Philadelphia at Four Seasons Total Landscaping — 11:30am! Four Season’s Landscaping!  Lawyers Press Conference at Four Seasons, Philadelphia. 11:00 A.M. People were screaming STOP THE COUNT &amp; WE DEMAND TRANSPARENCY (As Legal Observers were refused admittance to count rooms)!  ....Bad things took place during those hours where LEGAL TRANSPARENCY was viciously &amp; crudely not allowed. Tractors blocked doors &amp; windows were covered with thick cardboard so that observers could not see into the count rooms. BAD THINGS HAPPENED INSIDE. BIG CHANGES TOOK PLACE! ....This would ALSO change the Election result in numerous States, including Pennsylvania, which everyone thought was easily won on Election Night, only to see a massive lead disappear, without anyone being allowed to OBSERVE, for long intervals of time, what the happened... Tens of thousands of votes were illegally received after 8 P.M. on Tuesday, Election Day, totally and easily changing the results in Pennsylvania and certain other razor thin states. As a separate matter, hundreds of thousands of Votes were illegally not allowed to be OBSERVED... Incredibly stated Jim!  “We need an explanation as to how these numbers have been running up for the last two or three days.” Matthew Whitaker. @EveningEdit I had such a big lead in all of these states late into election night, only to see the leads miraculously disappear as the days went by. Perhaps these leads will return as our legal proceedings move forward! Joe Biden should not wrongfully claim the office of the President. I could make that claim also. Legal proceedings are just now beginning! Where are the missing military ballots in Georgia? What happened to them? With the attack by the Radical Left Dems on the Republican Senate, the Presidency becomes even more important! ....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days.” Ken Starr, former Independent Counsel @Varneyco ....hopefully this will be corrected at the Supreme Court of the United States. Also, these late ballots past Election Day are illegal, exactly what the President has been saying. The Supreme Court, in extraordinary circumstances,... ....Legislature. They just ignored that, ignored the Constitution. Now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity &amp; transparency, were excluded. Pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and.... “This is what we know. We have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. The Governor, Wolf, and the State Supreme Court, flagrantly violated the Constitution of the U.S. The power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the “Philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.” @Varneyco @FoxBusiness Twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of Section 230! I easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST. The OBSERVERS were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES. U.S. Supreme Court should decide! So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the U.S. Senate through their actions on John James, David Perdue, and more. Would End the Filibuster, “Life”, 2A, and would Pack and Rotate the Court. Presidency becomes even more important. We will win! News Conference at 6:30 P.M. STOP THE FRAUD! All of the recent Biden claimed States will be legally challenged by us for Voter Fraud and State Election Fraud. Plenty of proof - just check out the Media. WE WILL WIN! America First! Big legal win in Pennsylvania! Jobless Claims Dip to 751,000, Lowest Since March  via @BreitbartNews Fmr NV AG Laxalt: ‘No Question‘ Trump Would Have Won Nevada ‘Convincingly‘ Without Mail-in Voting  via @BreitbartNews ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED! STOP THE COUNT! Detroit Absentee Ballot Counting Chaos, Blocked Windows and Observers  via @BreitbartNews Demands Arise for PA Attorney General to ‘Step Aside‘  via @BreitbartNews Our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access”, but what good does that do? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the Presidential Election itself. This is what should be discussed! .....there was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported! We have claimed, for Electoral Vote purposes, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (which won’t allow legal observers) the State of Georgia, and the State of North Carolina, each one of which has a BIG Trump lead. Additionally, we hereby claim the State of Michigan if, in fact,..... We are winning Pennsylvania big, but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are “Millions of ballots left to be counted.” Wow! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, John James, out of the U.S. Senate. What a terrible thing is happening! They are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear — ASAP. Likewise, Michigan and others! They are finding Biden votes all over the place — in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. So bad for our Country! WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT?  How come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction? Last night I was leading, often solidly, in many key States, in almost all instances Democrat run &amp; controlled. Then, one by one, they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted. VERY STRANGE, and the “pollsters” got it completely &amp; historically wrong! We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed! I will be making a statement tonight. A big WIN! We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Poles are closed! WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THANK YOU! Get out &amp; VOTE! Under my Administration, our ECONOMY is growing at the fastest rate EVER at 33.1%. Next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in American History!

Find your polling place below.  A parade for me in Nigeria, a great honor!  VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!
 Thank you Matt!  Thank you Paris. Keep up the GREAT work!  To all of our supporters: thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have been there from the beginning, and I will never let you down. Your hopes are my hopes, your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what I am fighting for every single day!   Thank you Brad!  THANK YOU MICHIGAN!
